#  Hallucinogen Hymn

Greetings, people of Earth.

I come to you from another plane,

From a far-off place,

A location distant yet so near.

I am the Hallucinogen,

I am your Demon and I am your God.

Give me your tired, your poor,

Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free.

And I shall free them and bring them

To hidden lands buried deep within their souls.

I am the chemical confusion,

The artificial adoration,

I am the Hallucinogen.

  

From mine three forms,

Sisters all,

Take your pick.

  

Psychedelic psilocybin,

The Firstborn.

Mind-manifester, soul revealer.

She is the Keymaker, the Opener of Doors.

She will whisper in your ears,

Only things you already know.

If this cold, dull world in dreary shackles binds you,

Seek out the magic mushroom, the Peruvian Torch

or Lysergic Acid made by mortal touch.

  

Dissociative dextromethorphan,

Firstborn's companion.

Denier of senses, Creator of Dreams

She is the Guardian, she keeps the keys.

With the dust of Angels, and the smoke of laughter

She will enshroud your mind and open your eye.

She sets you free and turns you loose.

But her garden is walled,

Walled by stone arranged by you.

  

Deliriant dimenhydrinate,

Deceiver of fools.

Weaver of Dreams, trickster supreme.

She is the Sleepwalker, Mimic of fevers.

Mandrake's root and nightshade's fruit

Fuel a psychonaut's quest.

Whether you seek the Heaven of Dreams

Or the Hell of War.

In her fragrant arms you find your peace,

As her fingers ruffle your hair,

While reaching deep into your mind's lair.

  

Greetings, people of earth.

I come in peace,

Take me to your leader.

This is not the first that we have met,

Nor shall it be the last.

Shaman's tobacco,

God's Cocoa.

Warrior's rage,

Assassin's hashish.

Treehugger's dream,

Inquisitor's injection.

Behind your greatest and your least

My shadow has stood, tall and dark.

Forget not the bond we share through ages past,

I flow in your blood and I fill your lungs.

I am the chemical confusion,

The artificial adoration,

I am the Hallucinogen.

