# Symphony in Shift-Alt-F12

Keyboard, keyboard on the desk,

Where is the easiest key press?

Soft fingertip on hard keys' top,

Each strike does a letter drop.

Humble keyboard, plastic and metal

To pen and paper quite fatal.

To the rhyme of clickety-clack

I dedicate this tuneless track.

  

From Big Blue's corporate culture

Sprang forth a noisy creature.

Buckling spring requiring forceful push

IBM Model M makes many a users blood rush.

Each key rings loud as metal crumples

To some unbearable, but for others

An oath swearable.

Against RSI's rampage,

This keyboard offers safe passage.

  

Sweet Apple's flesh,

Rosy red and fresh.

Sleek and slender, spick and span

A religion for the elegant man.

No loud clack in Steve's domain,

Soft press is each key's refrain.

First plastic and glass,

Now through metal does rubber pass.

Flat and flush,

They'll make a diva blush.

Apple's keyboard, wired and without

Losing one makes a Sad Mac pout.



Optimus Prime, leader of the Autobots.

Optimus Maximus, a keyboard made after too many pots.

Each key shines bright

With LED's organic light.

At eighty score and more a pop,

Your fingers on keys do consciously drop.

Keep coffee and coke beyond the rise,

Else sparks and smoke mark this boards demise.



Dell.

Simple like a church bell.

No fancy lights,

No sharp metallic bites.

Words at a dime a dozen

The price makes a college students heart lighten.

White on sable,

This one has its own fable.

There's no place like home,

And on this I'll write my tome.

  

Keyboard, keyboard on the desk,

Who's the fastest typist of them all?

At half a word a moment, it's not my call.

100 words a minute or more,

That's what I hear from lore.

As the clicks fade and my symphony ends,

To my work my mind tends.

From quill sprung Shakespeare,

From typewriter, Twain.

Coffee table's napkin is Rowling's screen

Keyboards' bard is yet to be seen.

A hundred and four keys to press,

Many words to express,

Many more to impress.

Humble keyboard be stage and fence

To my finger's dance.

To the rhyme of clickety-clack

I dedicate this tuneless track.

