10:52pm

Sitting in my room, hunched over my desk writing on a dusty napkin because I need to turn a story in tomorrow. I have no idea what I'm doing and I'm tired. Today is one of the days that evokes feelings of "My life sucks".

8:04pm

My friend just kicked me out of his room because he wants to go running. Running. At 8 at night. Afer I helped him fix two homework problems. Such is the price of friendship. And my own homework is still undone.

7:28pm

The American ideals of food are interesting. What passes as ``spicy'' in this country would be considered downright bland back home. I find the idea of mac and cheese to be perfectly ridiculous. Mozarella sticks too, though I kinda like those. And I cannot understand why my friends, who should know better, think cheap diners are the height of human culinary achievement. I need some real food. Preferably before I head home in December. In case you were wondering, the above rant was brought to you by a chicken-pasta dinner with too little chicken.

6:40pm

This time management lecture I was forced to go to is really silly. The presenter thinks she's being cute and is telling me absolutely nothing I didn't know before. I'm in half a mind to make up my own time management lecture. And the girl sitting next to me is either stupid or hates me. Probably both. I'm hungry too.

3:52pm

Okay, I'm two thirds of the way done with my homework. The coffee spill down the front of my pants wasn't pretty, but I'm trying to erase the embarassment from my mind. Think happy thoughts. Think happy thoughts.

12:18pm

Going to the gym was a good idea. I feel awesome. If I start my homework now I should be done by two, leaving enough time to write my story before the lecture. The lecture should be awesome, I really need to learn some time management.

11:09pm

By back hurts. I think I was sleeping wrong again. Think I'll hit the gym and do some weights to work it off. The lounge is a mess, I should write an angry email to my floor and tell them to clean it up. Then some quick homework and then some leisurely reading for the rest of the day.

10:37pm

Wow, it's nice and bright outside and my floor didn't get trashed by drunk, muddy people. Time to get off to a good start! I think it's going to be a great day!