Patrick loved her. Truly he did. He had loved ever since he had laid eyes on her over seven years ago. In many ways, he was actually quite surprised that it had actually lasted that long. To the casual observer Patrick and Susan weren't compatible at all. Patrick was loud, adventurous and carefree. Some might call him reckless and slightly self-destructive too. Susan was quiet, reserved and careful. Some might call her overbearing and a bit controlling too. They said it couldn't last, but it had. Till now.

As Patrick looked at her slender body lying half covered by the sheets, he couldn't help thinking that they had always had problems. He had been completely drunk when they first met and though he had sworn his undying love to her, he remembered nothing of it the next morning. He was quite ready to forget all about and would have done so had she not joined his seminar class. They talked very little for the first few weeks until it turned out that they lived just two towns away from each other and shared a number of mutual friends.

Even as he thought this, Patrick realized that it still could have come to nothing. He was interested in more than one other girl at the time and she claimed to have not been interested at all in meeting anyone at the time. Through a series of improbable circumstances, including avoiding Public Safety at a party and taking a friend to the hospital after he broke his leg, they had started sprending more and more time together. By the last week of class they found themselves working together on the final project and by the end of the semester they were officially an item.

And like all real life love stories, there was trouble in paradise, almost immediately. Every other weekend they'd have involved discussions about whether to stay in or go out and more often thatn not it would end in them each doing there own thing. Through the four years of college they had broken up at least half a dozen times, the longest being the greater part of the semester. Patrick had never actually cheated on her and as far as he knew, she hadn;t cheated on him either, but during their breakups they had been as single as anyone else in campus. All in all,  it was an interesting four years.

With his reputation for making questionable decisions, what Patrick did the week of graduating wasn't particularly surprising to anyone. But where everyone else thought that he asked Susan to marry him on a whim, the truth was that he getting tired of never knowing how long they were going to be together again. For once in his life, he really wanted a single definite answer. He fully expected her to say no and that was fine, he just had to know. When she said yes, he wasn't sure whether he should just be happy or confused as well. He decided just ot be happy. Susan, for her part, never quite gave a reason for why she said yes, apart from saying that she wanted to spend her life with him. Patrick, never a complicated man, didn't bother asking any more, though her family kept wondering to the day.

Talking about the day, it was actually night and Patrick couldn't sleep. In college he had never quite managed to keep a proper sleep schedule. Which was another point of contention between them, because she insisted on being in bed by midnight or at the most one in the morning. After getting married, he spent more time in bed. Not that he necessarily slept more, but because he really did want to be next to Susan. He hadn't minded it for the first year or so, but after that it started to get a bit boring. He'd keep getting bored at waking up in the middle of the night. A lot of the time he'd wake up Susan and that would irritate her no end. For a while they even slept apart, but Patrick couldn't stand the thought of not sleeping with his wife for more than a few weeks. Susan took him back, though he couldn't tell if she was happy about it or merely accepting.

Patrick had made no secret of the fact that Susan was smarter than he was and when she got accepted into a good graduate program, he went along with her with no real plans of what he'd do. After spending a few months just settling in and getting used to the move from Ohio to Massachusetts, Susan finally managed to cajole him into getting a proper job. The job at the local Cafe didn't pay much more than minimum wage, but Patrick put in the hours and rather enjoyed the many small conversations that he had with the patrons. Being the good English major that he was he even started writing a few snippets here and there in between work. Nothing publishable, but enough to keep him in practice.

For the last year or so, Patrick had started getting restless. Susan's stipend wasn't much and his pay was just enough to keep up with the rent and other amenities that they need. Besides that his car was starting to show its age, but he had no idea how he was going to afford a replacement. On top of that, Susan was working longer and longer hours on her research work and was spending more time with her fellow students than he was with Susan. Patrick didn't suspect her of cheating, or at least his mind didn't come up with exactly those words, but he did have his doubts. He might have hs bouts of recklessness, but he wasn't a violent or even particularly confrontational person. One of his friend from the cafe suggested that he take up a hobby to distract hobby and he ended up shooting firearms, something he considered a perfectly safe and fairly non-expensive hobby.

Susan didn't see it the same way. For the first time, they had an actual fight over the matter and for weeks they maintained a cold formality towards each other. Things might have gone back to normal if he hadn't gotten the idea of giving her a handgun, a pink one, for their anniversary a few months ago. In his way, he hoped that if he could just get her to come along and take a try, he'd come over to his side. Unfortunately, quite the opposite happened. She thought it was his idea of a cheap joke on their anniversary and broke down into tears on the spot. Their relationship had never quite recovered after that.

In the months since then, they barely spent any time together. He had no idea what she did during the day and she didn't ask about his. He was growing tired of the cold weather and a few weeks ago he had found his old high school sweetheart on Facebook. But he still loved her and the thought of breaking her heart or seeing her with another man was simply unbearable. Every time he looked into her deep brown eyes (which was increasingly rare these days) he felt a rush of shame for thinking about packing his bags and going home. It was only two days ago that he came upon the solution and with his usual energy, he simply couldn't wait to put his plan into action.

And now, as Susan slept on her back with her head slightly to one side and one hand tucked under the pillow, he decided to take his chances. He put the barrel of his gun to the side of her head, just close enough to make contact but not enough to wake her. Her hand under the pillow was in just the right place where it would seem like she was gripping the gun when he lifted it above the pillow. As he prepared to pull the trigger, he was safe in the knowledge that this was the best way. He wouldn't break her heart and he wouldn't have to bear the thought of her being in someone else's arms. It was actually quite an elegant solution. He closed his eyes and started applying pressure on the trigger.

But before he could pull all the way, he felt something hard and cold pressing on his own temple. Opening his eyes, he saw Susan lying in bed, her eyes wide open and smiling sweetly up at him. Her hand wasn't under the pillow anymore, instead it pressed her pink handgun, his gift to her against his temple. After a few seconds of staring at each other she said, ``Honey,''

``Yes, dear?''

``Come back to bed.''

``Yes, dear.''