As James looked across his desk to the large piece of metal and plastic, he barely saw anything in front of him. The only thing he was aware of was a voice in the back of his head saying over and over "You must not come lightly to the blank page". It was his own voice, but the words were certainly not his own. It was something he remembered from his college days when he actually read a lot. He couldn't remember where exactly he read it and he thought it faintly ironic that of all the things he learned in the college this was the one thing that came immediately to mind.

With the voice still in his head, he looked from his fingers on the keyboard to the computer screen and back to the keyboard. He thought his fingers should be moving, and was concerned that they weren't. He willed them to move, but they wouldn't. The blank page troubled him. That and the fact that in a little over eight hours it had to be completely. Though James had filled lots of pages in his lifetime, filling this one turned out to be a surprisingly difficult endeavor. And the voice in his head was starting to be dsitinctly irritating. With nothing on the screen and no movement on the keyboard, his mind drifted to the voice. Why was it there? How did it get there? And why did it keep telling him that he must not come lightly to the blank page. And then it struck him, that for the first time in his life, he actually had come lightly to the blank page.

James' relationship with the blank page had started long long ago. So long ago in fact, that he barely remembered when it had started. It had started as such things usually do, with a troubled childhood when the blank page had been an easy escape from the messiness of the world around him. He had not come lightly to the page, and a lot of times he had come to it only because it was the only place he had left to go to.

Throughout his childhood and teenage years, the blank page had transformed a place of last refuge to the first line of defense. His journal had become a living record of his life. Its blank pages recorded the first time he met Susan and the last time. It recorded every one of the days when he lay in bed with a shattered thigh because of a series of bad decisions one icy winter night. The pages were filled first by pencil and then by pen and all manner of things, both mundane and profound.

James couldn't quite remember when he had decided to make the filling of the blank page his life's work. It was certainly before college and certainly after he met Susan. But it was still quite a while ago. The blank pages of the diary gave way to the empty screen of a word processor and the pen was replaced by an ergonomic keyboard. He still had a diary, but he found himself using it less and less. At one time he had dropped his thoughts onto a blank diary page and later pulled them onto an empty screen, but now it was easier for him to go straight from mind to screen. But as he looked at his immobile fingers he thought that it might be helpful to pick up a pen and get some paper out of the printer.

At some point in college it had struck him that the whole business of writing was becoming easier. He still didn't come lightly to the page, but it was certainly getting easier for him to fill the blanks. Was it when we has 20? About ten years after he started regularly writing in his diary? That sounded right, but he couldn't be sure. Time seemed to be getting blurry now, the only period of time he could still actually think about was 8 hours, now 7.

Perhaps that was what he should fill the current blank page with: what did it actually mean to not come lightly to a blank page? Did it mean that he shouldn't take his writing for granted? Did it mean that he shouldn't start writing without thinking what he was writing about? Did it mean that he shouldn't fill a page just for the sake of filling it? Strangely enough, James realized that he didn't quite now. Ever since he had read those words, he thought that he had understood them perfectly. But now that he tried to put his understanding on the screen, the words he needed wouldn't come. Did it mean that he couldn't sit down at a blank page and always expect the words to flow?

At this point in his idle reverie, with six and a half hours to go, he felt a sudden wave of fear fill his head. He had never quite understood the concept of a writer's block. He had never been blocke din his life. As long as he could remember, every time he sat down with the intent to write, he had written. Not that it was all good, much of it had never been seen by another person, but he had still filled the page. Every time, except now. James had never understood when his classmates and even his seniors complained of writers block. He saw it as a flaw in them that they could not write when they chose. They came lightly to the blank page, expecting to get something for nothing. He had never done that, except now.

Six hours. The clock kept ticking and his fingers still refused to move. How long had they been that way? One more question to which he didn't know the answer. The nascent fear in his brain was starting to turn to full blown panic. His first paid gig outside college and here he was, with nothing to show at his first deadline. If the situation had not been quite urgent, he would actually have enjoyed examining his own emotions, taking them apart and then putting them down in words. But under the circumstances, all his powers of description learned over the years seemed to have evaporated.

He had to write. But about what? For the last two hours all he had thought of was about how he had written before. And that he must not come lightly to the blank page. It seemed a simple enough condition. It was only then that he realized that if he had spent the last two hours thinking about writing, it wouldn't take him more than three to put it all down. He had come lightly to the blank page, and it had taken him two hours to get rid of that lightness. But now he had the weight of purpose with him and that weight would cause his fingers to move, to dance the now familiar dance. And in the time that it had taken for him to think these thoughts, the page had ceased to be blank. It now contained, in sharp black letters, the words : "I would like to write about writing".